
Computational Testing Suite
---------------------------
David R. Morrison, Feb. 2014

I make no guarantees that this program works as expected or desired.

REQUIREMENTS:
 * Perl, the Parallel::Loops module, the JSON module.  You can install these from the command line
   with the following commands:

	sudo perl -MCPAN -e "install Parallel::Loops"
	sudo perl -MCPAN -e "install JSON"
 * I recommend that you use Git with your software; the CTS will work without it, but it will
   complain.  If you have Git installed and your software is in a git repo, the commit message and
   hash id will be recorded.

USAGE:
 The computational testing framework provides a unified framework for performing a large number of
 computational tests on a database of problems.  It is broken up into three parts, described in
 detail below:
	- Initialization: This part of the software reads in a bunch of parameters, including directory
	  paths and instance-specific details.  It initializes the data output directory, and runs some
	  checks to make sure that your code is compiled and up-to-date, and is checked into the Git
	  repository.  Problem instances can be specified in a file as the first argument to the CTS;
	  otherwise, it will assume that all files in the specified instance directory are instances to
	  run the solver on.
	- Command setup: This software determines all of the different tests (or commands) that will be
	  run in this experiment.  Each test is represented by a single command that calls the solver
	  with some optional arguments.  The user can input a number of different commands that they
	  would like to run for each instance, and can also specify a random seed and a number of trials
	  to be performed for each instance.  The software will run that number of trials for each
	  different combination of parameters.
	- Running the experiments: Each specified command will be run.  Commands are split across the
	  desired number of threads using the Parallel::Loops package.  The output from the commands are
	  saved into the experiment output directory.
	- Data parsing: the software should output a valid JSON object string of the form 
		{ "param1":value, "param2":value, "param3:value }
	  in between text reading DATA_START...DATA_END.  This JSON string will be parsed by the CTS and
	  stored in a hash table that is associated with the name of the instance.  If multiple
	  different experiments are run on the same instance, the solver will aggregate all data about
	  that instance into this hash table.
	- Data output: currently all data is output in an ordered format into a CSV file.  You can
	  optionally provide your own output writing function.  Plans are to make this more extensible
	  in the future.

CONFIGURATION:
 The software stores a number of configuration files so that you can repeat the same experiment in
 the future.  These config files are stored by default in the .test directory where the CTS is run
 from, but you can specify a different location with command-line arguments

HOOKS:
 (NOT CURRENTLY IMPLEMENTED) The CTS has a number of hook locations that you can use to write
 additional data processing, parsing, and configuration utilities.  More details on this to come.



